README.md, before:

# :clapper: Portfolio Website

This is my custom portfolio website made using _HTML_, _CSS_ and _JavaScript_.

[![/built-by-developers](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://github.com/schmelto/Portfolio/graphs/contributors) [![check-it-out](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/check-it-out.svg)](https://schmelto.github.io/Portfolio/) [![built-with-love](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/schmelto) [![html](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-html.svg)](https://www.w3schools.com/html/) [![js](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-js.svg)](https://www.w3schools.com/js/) [![css](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-css.svg)](https://www.w3schools.com/css/)

The website is deployed to **GitHub Pages** and can be found [here](https://schmelto.github.io/Portfolio/).

**The Projects are being accessed through the GitHub API.**

![portfolio](./assets/portfolio.gif)

> This Project uses **ESLint** and **Prettier**

If you want, you can `clone` this project and adapt it to your own portfolio website.

[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://open.vscode.dev/badges/open-in-vscode.svg)](https://open.vscode.dev/schmelto/Portfolio)

Commit message:

docs: add link to SAP Conversational AI

README.md, after:

# :clapper: Portfolio Website

This is my custom portfolio website made using _HTML_, _CSS_ and _JavaScript_.

[![/built-by-developers](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://github.com/schmelto/Portfolio/graphs/contributors) [![check-it-out](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/check-it-out.svg)](https://schmelto.github.io/Portfolio/) [![built-with-love](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/schmelto) [![html](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-html.svg)](https://www.w3schools.com/html/) [![js](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-js.svg)](https://www.w3schools.com/js/) [![css](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-css.svg)](https://www.w3schools.com/css/)

The website is deployed to **GitHub Pages** and can be found [here](https://schmelto.github.io/Portfolio/).

**The Projects are being accessed through the GitHub API.**

![portfolio](./assets/portfolio.gif)

> This Project uses **ESLint** and **Prettier**

If you want, you can `clone` this project and adapt it to your own portfolio website.

## Chatbot

The integrated chatbot is build with [SAP Conversational AI](https://cai.tools.sap/).

[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://open.vscode.dev/badges/open-in-vscode.svg)](https://open.vscode.dev/schmelto/Portfolio)
